{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Vyana
\i\b0\fs28 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li360\ri-1440\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Vyana (vee-yah-na): one of the five pranas (vital energies). It pervades the whole body and distributes the vital energies throughout the body. It coordinates the other vital energies.
\i0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 Overarching Guidelines\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li580\fi-260\slleading20\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \'95 Where possible, be platform (Mac OS X, iOS) independent.\
\'95 Have complete code coverage in Unit Tests where possible.\
\'95 Make extensive use of Log4Cocoa logging macros. The unit tests or application can adjust the logging as needed.\
\'95 Document every class, method, notification, constant, enum, macro with doxygen.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 Editing Vyana RTF Files
\b0\fs28 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li580\fi-260\slleading20\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 This and other project rtf files make use of stylesheets. If you make changes, be sure to use the styles such as: heading, standard, indented points, and fixed font code.\
Please don't edit the styles. The font is large because Mark has serious vision problems and needs to be able to read these.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 Other Meta files\
\pard\tx720\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li580\fi-260\slleading20\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li580\fi-260\slleading20\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Todo.rtf
\b0 : global TODO list. I know Alex likes to put them in the source code and search for them, but I'd really like the big issues in this file until we get a issue tracking system in place.\

\b CodingConventions.rtf
\b0 : we really need them defined, but especially for a project like this. I really want to open source it in the future, which means it will represent Agile Monks and it should present a consistent style of doing things.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 How to Migrate a File to Vyana\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs28 \cf0 \
In Cornerstone, drag & drop the file from AMSharedCode into the appropriate subfolder of Vayana while holding the option key. When the copy dialog appears, if it is a category, change the "-" in the file name to "+".\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 Checklist for Files Added to Vyana\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li580\fi-260\slleading20\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 1. Change file name in header and #imports to use a plus instead of a minus.\
2. Remove any project name from the header comment.\
3. Adjust the copyright year to include 2011 (i.e. 2010-11)\
4. Remove any #ifdefs for 10.5. 10.6 is the minimum for this project.\
5. If it is a foundation class, make sure it does not include AppKit or UIKit\
6. Analyze the file to look for issues to fix.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 Issues to Make Note of\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li580\fi-260\slleading20\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 1. Look at functions that deal with counts/lengths and if their are unsigned. Compare with the foundation classes to make sure they are the same.\
2. Does a unsigned/find/indexOf method return NSNotFound or -1 on failure? What do the similar foundation methods do? We need to be consistent.\
3. Are there any hard coded constants (numbers or strings)? Do we need to make the symbolic constants (const, enum, #define)?\
4. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 TKA\
\
}